MinIO Gateway integration pipelines (#27)
kyma-project/rafter: charts/rafter-upload-service/README.md

### Switch MinIO to Gateway mode

By default, you install the Upload Service in MinIO stand-alone mode. If you want to switch MinIO to Gateway mode and you don't want to lose your buckets uploaded by the Upload Service, you must first change the **minio.persistence.enabled** and   **minio.podAnnotations.persistence** parameters to `false` and override parameters for MinIO under the **minio** object.

> > **NOTE**: Please remember also about updating parameters under **migrator.pre** and **migrator.post** objects. It's very important, because sometimes names of deployments or secrets are different after upgrading release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If the names of deployments or secrets used before and after switching to Gateway mode differ, you must update parameters under **migrator.pre** and **migrator.post** objects. 
```
